Add debugging tips to developer manual. (#18853)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/dev_manual/DebuggingTips.rst

.. _Debugging Tips:

Debugging Tips
==============
This section describes various method for debugging VisIt_ when you run into problems.
Whether it is a crash with a new filter you've designed, or badly formed data from a new database reader, one of these options should help.

.. _DebugLogs:

Debug logs
----------

The first method for debugging in VisIt_ is by using VisIt_'s debug logs.
When you run ``visit`` on the command line, you can optionally add the ``-debug 5`` arguments to make VisIt_ write out debugging logs.
The number of debugging logs can be 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, with debugging log 5 being the most detailed.
When VisIt_'s components are told to run with debugging logs turned on, each component writes a set of debugging logs.
For example, the database server component will write A.mdserver.1.vlog, A.mdserver.2.vlog,...,A.mdserver.5.vlog if you pass ``-debug 5`` on the VisIt_ command line.

> Subsequent runs of VisIt_ will prepend *B* then *C* and so on.

Reviewer: It's not clear that the A log is the most recent, the B log the next most, etc.

If you don't want that behavior, you may add ``-clobber_vlogs`` to VisIt_'s command line arguments.
The A.mdserver*.vlog and A.engine*.vlog files are useful when debugging a database reader plug-in.  The A.viewer*.vlog and A.engine*.vlog files are usefule when debugging a plot plugin.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need 2 blank lines here?

.. _Debugging Tips:

Debugging Tips
==============
This section describes various method for debugging VisIt_ when you run into problems.
Whether it is a crash with a new filter you've designed, or badly formed data from a new database reader, one of these options should help.

.. _DebugLogs:

Debug logs
----------

The first method for debugging in VisIt_ is by using VisIt_'s debug logs.
When you run ``visit`` on the command line, you can optionally add the ``-debug 5`` arguments to make VisIt_ write out debugging logs.
The number of debugging logs can be 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, with debugging log 5 being the most detailed.
When VisIt_'s components are told to run with debugging logs turned on, each component writes a set of debugging logs.
For example, the database server component will write A.mdserver.1.vlog, A.mdserver.2.vlog,...,A.mdserver.5.vlog if you pass ``-debug 5`` on the VisIt_ command line.

> Subsequent runs of VisIt_ will copy current logs to files with a prepended *B* (instead of *A*), then *C* and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsequent runs of VisIt_ will rename existing logs with the initial letter advanced to the next letter in the alphabet.
For example A.mdserver.5.vlog will be renamed to B.mdserver.5.vlog.
At most five sets of debugging logs will be kept.
```

> Most current runs will always begin with *A*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logs from the most current run will always begin with *A*.
```

.. container:: collapsible

  .. container:: header

    Example for using debug streams

  .. code-block:: c

    // NOTE - This code is incomplete and is for example purposes only.
    // Include this header for debug streams.
    #include <DebugStream.h>

    vtkDataSet *
    avtXXXXFileFormat::GetMesh(const char *meshname)
    {
        // Write messages to different levels of the debug logs.
        debug1 << "Hi from avtXXXXFileFormat::GetMesh" << endl;
        debug4 << "Many database plug-ins prefer debug4" << endl;
        debug5 << "Lots of detail from avtXXXXFileFormat::GetMesh" << endl;
        return 0;
    }

Other forms of the debug argument
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create debug logs for only specific components, use ``-debug_<compname> <level>``.
For example ``-debug_mdserver 4`` will run the mdserver with level 4 debugging. 
Multiple ``-debug_<compname> <level>`` args are allowed.

For parallel engine logs, ``-debug_engine_rank <r>`` can be used to restrict debug output to the specified rank.
You can even have only every Nth processor output debug logs by using ``-debug-process-stride N``.

.. _DumpingPipelineInfo:

> Dumping VTK objects and Pipeline information to disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dumping VTK objects and pipeline information to disk
```

        Either from the default instance of AnnotationAttributes,
        or using 'givenAtts'.
        """
        if (givenAtts == 0):
            a = AnnotationAttributes()
        else:
            a = givenAtts
        a.axes2D.visible = 0
        a.axes3D.visible = 0
        a.axes3D.triadFlag = 0
        a.axes3D.bboxFlag = 0
        a.userInfoFlag = 0
        a.databaseInfoFlag = 0
        a.legendInfoFlag = 0
        SetAnnotationAttributes(a)

    def Test(fname):
        swa = SaveWindowAttributes()
        swa.family = 0
        swa.fileName = fname
        swa.screenCapture = 0
        SetSaveWindowAttributes(swa)
        SaveWindow()

    def Test(fname, swa = 0, alreadySaved=0):
        if (swa != 0):
            sa = swa
        else:
            sa = SaveWindowAttributes()
        sa.screenCapture = 1
        sa.family = 0
        sa.fileName = fname
        SetSaveWindowAttributes(sa)
        SaveWindow()

    def TestText(name, results):
        print("%s: %s"%(name, results))

    def TestSection(stuff):
        print(stuff)

    def Exit():
        exit()

Now, you can copy a regression test to the same directory as this script, add

> ``Source("TestingStuff.py")`` to the top of the regression test, and run ``visit -cli -s testname.py``, along with any debugging options you desire.

Reviewer: Combine the 2 lines since they are one sentence.
